Here are some random thoughts as I run the app.

Let's begin

Okay so main page looks okay, but let's start pulling those placeholder images from our file.

Let's see if it's responsive 

It is indeed, perhaps let's change the threshold for when that change happens. But this is a #tweek let's save these for later.

Okay let's checkout the menu.

Pictures should all be the same size. Unless you're trying to do something fancy, but this looks a bit funny.

Lot's of tacos, let me look at the json lol. 

Interesting you're trying to keep the structure of the menu, that's clever.

I wouldn't have bothered, but this is def good.

So on the menubar la catrina is way to the left, looks a bit strange. But this is a #tweek.

I think we can remove "Home", and I would change "La Catrina" to be home.

So to each menu item, let's add a link that says "Order now on Grubhub!" or something like that. Just so it explains a bit why the links go to grubhub. Just a bit more reinfocement.

Let's look at location: 

It's barren, but I think you just haven't gotten to it, so let's just flesh out some details now:
	+ Upon getting to the page, just show a card that has a link to their address. Make it a google map link, so different platforms just handle it in a smart way. Or use geo:// whatever, just make it nice. In this card let's throw in the phone number too.
	+ Then let's have the map, just so they see where the thing is (so this is done already)
	+ Then let's have a picture of the store front. And a lorem ipsum blurb to the right of it. (They'll talk a bit about the history of their store here)
	+ Then let's add a picture of the staff, and another text blurb to the right of it. (again you can use a placeholder for now).

Order is just a link, this is fine. 

Let me look at the footer:

Okay so last thing, is that every page needs a card or a footer at the bottom, that quickly gives them the address and phone number. In the menu it can be right below the buttons, everywhere else it can just be a footer. But other than that, the overall skelaton looks pretty healthy
